Adds GECAM notice types to quickstart and a new mission page (#224)
nasa-gcn/gcn.nasa.gov: app/routes/missions/gecam.md

---
meta:
  title: GCN - GECAM
---

# Gravitational Wave High-energy Electromagnetic Counterpart All-sky Monitor

image here?

**Launch Date:** December 9, 2020

**End of Operations:** No specific requirement

**Data Archives:** http://gcn.gsfc.nasa.gov/gecam_events.html

| Instruments | Energy Range | Field of View |
| ----------- | ------------ | ------------- |
| GECAM-A     | ??           | ??            |

> | GECAM-B     | 15 keV–5 MeV | ??            |

Reviewer: Need to fill these in.

meta:
  title: GCN - GECAM
---

# Gravitational Wave High-energy Electromagnetic Counterpart All-sky Monitor

image here?

> **Launch Date:** December 9, 2020

Reviewer: It launched 2 years ago? Why are we only adding them to GCN now?

Reviewer 2: Yes, they launched 2 years ago.  I think it took a while for them to ask to be added, and adding them has taken some time too.

**End of Operations:** No specific requirement

**Data Archives:** http://gcn.gsfc.nasa.gov/gecam_events.html

> http://gcn.gsfc.nasa.gov/gcn/sock_pkt_def_doc.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| Instruments | Energy Range | Field of View |
| ----------- | ------------ | ------------- |
| GECAM-A     | ??           | ??            |
| GECAM-B     | 15 keV–5 MeV | ??            |

**GCN Notice Types in GCN Classic and GCN Classic Over Kafka:**
[Detailed Descriptions and Examples](http://www.nssc.cas.cn/gecam_en/)

<div className="overflow-table">

| Type        | Contents | Latency |
| ----------- | -------- | ------- |
| `GECAM_FLT` | Flight   | Minutes |
| `GECAM_GND` | Ground   | Minutes |

</div>

**Yearly Trigger Rates:**

<div className="overflow-table">

| Instrument | Type                                                   | Rates |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------ | ----- |
| GECAM      | GRBs, other transients, and non-astrophysical triggers | ~500  |

</div>

> REAL notices will have Trigger_Number values starting with "1", TEST notices will have Trigger_Number values starting with 100000000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Real notices will have Trigger_Number values between 1 and 99999999. Test notices will have Trigger_Number values greater than or equal to 100000000.
```
